documentation/api_zipobject.md, before:

---
title: "ZipObject API"
layout: default
section: api
---

This represents an entry in the zip file. If the entry comes from an existing
archive previously [loaded]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/load.html), the content
will be automatically decompressed/converted first.

### Attributes

attribute name              | type        | description
----------------------------|-------------|-------------
`name`                      | string      | the absolute path of the file
`dir`                       | boolean     | true if this is a directory
`date`                      | date        | the last modification date
`comment`                   | string      | the comment for this file
`options`                   | object      | the options of the file. The available options are :
`options.base64`            | boolean     | **Deprecated**, see [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)
`options.binary`            | boolean     | **Deprecated**, see [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)
`options.dir`               | boolean     | **Deprecated**, use `dir`. True if this is a directory
`options.date`              | date        | **Deprecated**, use `date`. See [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)
`options.compression`       | compression | see [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)


### Getters

method            | return type   | description
------------------|---------------|-------------
`asText()`        | string        | the content as an unicode string.
`asBinary()`      | string        | the content as binary string.
`asArrayBuffer()` | ArrayBuffer   | need a [compatible browser]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/support.html).
`asUint8Array()`  | Uint8Array    | need a [compatible browser]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/support.html).
`asNodeBuffer()`  | nodejs Buffer | need [nodejs]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/support.html).

Commit message:

Rework the unix/dos permissions and the dir option.
This is an update for #200.

If we don't keep the original unix/dos permissions, this will lead to
hard-to-debug issues, where the permissions are not exactly like they
were specified.
This commit changes that and uses the exact file mode. It also updates the
default umask from 022 to 002 (with unixPermissions == null, files will
get 0664 and folders 0775).

To put a folder with custom permissions, folder() is not a good
candidate : its behavior is to re-use existing entries. Instead, this
commit documents the existing dir attribute.

documentation/api_zipobject.md, after:

---
title: "ZipObject API"
layout: default
section: api
---

This represents an entry in the zip file. If the entry comes from an existing
archive previously [loaded]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/load.html), the content
will be automatically decompressed/converted first.

### Attributes

attribute name              | type        | description
----------------------------|-------------|-------------
`name`                      | string      | the absolute path of the file
`dir`                       | boolean     | true if this is a directory
`date`                      | date        | the last modification date
`comment`                   | string      | the comment for this file
`unixPermissions`           | 16 bits number | The UNIX permissions of the file, if any.
`dosPermissions`            | 6 bits number  | The DOS permissions of the file, if any.
`options`                   | object      | the options of the file. The available options are :
`options.base64`            | boolean     | **Deprecated**, see [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)
`options.binary`            | boolean     | **Deprecated**, see [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)
`options.dir`               | boolean     | **Deprecated**, use `dir`. True if this is a directory
`options.date`              | date        | **Deprecated**, use `date`. See [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)
`options.compression`       | compression | see [file(name, data [,options])]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/file_data.html)


### Getters

method            | return type   | description
------------------|---------------|-------------
`asText()`        | string        | the content as an unicode string.
`asBinary()`      | string        | the content as binary string.
`asArrayBuffer()` | ArrayBuffer   | need a [compatible browser]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/support.html).
`asUint8Array()`  | Uint8Array    | need a [compatible browser]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/support.html).
`asNodeBuffer()`  | nodejs Buffer | need [nodejs]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/support.html).
