documentation/api_jszip/file_data.md, before:

---
title: "file(name, data [,options])"
layout: default
section: api
---

__Description__ : Add (or update) a file to the zip file.

__Arguments__

name                | type    | description
--------------------|---------|------------
name                | string  | the name of the file. You can specify folders in the name : the folder separator is a forward slash ("/").
data                | String/ArrayBuffer/Uint8Array/Buffer | the content of the file.
options             | object  | the options.

Content of `options` :

name        | type    | default | description
------------|---------|---------|------------
base64      | boolean | `false` | set to `true` if the data is base64 encoded. For example image data from a `<canvas>` element. Plain text and HTML do not need this option.
binary      | boolean | `false` | set to `true` if the data should be treated as raw content, `false` if this is a text. If base64 is used, this defaults to `true`, if the data is not a string, this will be set to `true`.
date        | date    | the current date | the last modification date.
compression | string  | null    | If set, specifies compression method to use for this specific file. If not, the default file compression will be used, see [generate(options)]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/generate.html).
compressionOptions | object | `null` | the options to use when compressing the file, see [generate(options)]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/generate.html).
comment     | string  | null    | The comment for this file.
optimizedBinaryString | boolean | `false` | Set to true if (and only if) the input is a "binary string" and has already been prepared with a 0xFF mask.
createFolders | boolean | `false` | Set to true if folders in the file path should be automatically created, otherwise there will only be virtual folders that represent the path to the file.
unixPermissions | object | null    | The UNIX permissions of the file, if any.
dosPermissions  | object | null    | The DOS permissions of the file, if any.

You shouldn't update the data given to this method : it is kept as it so any
update will impact the stored data.

__For the permissions__ :

The `*Permissions` fields has the following structure (the value is the default behavior) :

```js
unixPermissions : {
    executable : false,
    readOnly : false
}

dosPermissions : {
    hidden : false,
    readOnly : false
}
```

The field `unixPermissions` also accepts a number (the 2 bytes file attributes) :
you can use the `mode` attribute of [nodejs' fs.Stats](http://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_class_fs_stats).
In that case, the executable/readOnly boolean will be extracted from the "user"
part (ignoring the "group" and "other").

See also  [the platform option of generate()]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/generate.html).

__Returns__ : The current JSZip object, for chaining.

__Throws__ : An exception if the data is not in a supported format.

<!--
__Complexity__ : **O(1)** for anything but binary strings.
For binary strings (`data` is a string and `binary` = true), if
`optimizedBinaryString` is not set, the 0xFF mask will be applied giving a
complexity in **O(n)** where n is the size of the added data.
-->

__Example__

```js
zip.file("Hello.txt", "Hello World\n");

// base64
zip.file("smile.gif", "R0lGODdhBQAFAIACAAAAAP/eACwAAAAABQAFAAACCIwPkWerClIBADs=", {base64: true});
// from an ajax call with xhr.responseType = 'arraybuffer'
zip.file("smile.gif", arraybufferFromXhr);
// or on nodejs
zip.file("smile.gif", fs.readFileSync("smile.gif"));

zip.file("Xmas.txt", "Ho ho ho !", {date : new Date("December 25, 2007 00:00:01")});
zip.file("folder/file.txt", "file in folder");

zip.file("animals.txt", "dog,platypus\n").file("people.txt", "james,sebastian\n");

// result : Hello.txt, smile.gif, Xmas.txt, animals.txt, people.txt,
// folder/, folder/file.txt
// In the above case, the "folder" folder will not have a 'D'irectory attribute or Method property. The
// folder only exists as part of the path to "file.txt".

zip.file("folder/file.txt", "file in folder", {createFolders: true});
// In this case, the "folder" folder WILL have a 'D'irectory attribute and a Method property of "store".
// It will exist whether or not "file.txt" is present.

zip.file("script.sh", "echo 'hello world'", {
  unixPermissions : {
    executable : true
  }
});
// when generated with platform:UNIX, the script.sh file will be executable
```

Commit message:

Rework the unix/dos permissions and the dir option.
This is an update for #200.

If we don't keep the original unix/dos permissions, this will lead to
hard-to-debug issues, where the permissions are not exactly like they
were specified.
This commit changes that and uses the exact file mode. It also updates the
default umask from 022 to 002 (with unixPermissions == null, files will
get 0664 and folders 0775).

To put a folder with custom permissions, folder() is not a good
candidate : its behavior is to re-use existing entries. Instead, this
commit documents the existing dir attribute.

documentation/api_jszip/file_data.md, after:

---
title: "file(name, data [,options])"
layout: default
section: api
---

__Description__ : Add (or update) a file to the zip file.

__Arguments__

name                | type    | description
--------------------|---------|------------
name                | string  | the name of the file. You can specify folders in the name : the folder separator is a forward slash ("/").
data                | String/ArrayBuffer/Uint8Array/Buffer | the content of the file.
options             | object  | the options.

Content of `options` :

name        | type    | default | description
------------|---------|---------|------------
base64      | boolean | `false` | set to `true` if the data is base64 encoded. For example image data from a `<canvas>` element. Plain text and HTML do not need this option.
binary      | boolean | `false` | set to `true` if the data should be treated as raw content, `false` if this is a text. If base64 is used, this defaults to `true`, if the data is not a string, this will be set to `true`.
date        | date    | the current date | the last modification date.
compression | string  | null    | If set, specifies compression method to use for this specific file. If not, the default file compression will be used, see [generate(options)]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/generate.html).
compressionOptions | object | `null` | the options to use when compressing the file, see [generate(options)]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/generate.html).
comment     | string  | null    | The comment for this file.
optimizedBinaryString | boolean | `false` | Set to true if (and only if) the input is a "binary string" and has already been prepared with a 0xFF mask.
createFolders | boolean | `false` | Set to true if folders in the file path should be automatically created, otherwise there will only be virtual folders that represent the path to the file.
unixPermissions | 16 bits number | null    | The UNIX permissions of the file, if any.
dosPermissions  | 6 bits number  | null    | The DOS permissions of the file, if any.
dir             | boolean        | false   | Set to true if this is a directory and content should be ignored.

You shouldn't update the data given to this method : it is kept as it so any
update will impact the stored data.

__For the permissions__ :

The field `unixPermissions` also accepts a string representing the octal value :
"644", "755", etc. On nodejs you can use the `mode` attribute of
[nodejs' fs.Stats](http://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_class_fs_stats).

See also [the platform option of generate()]({{site.baseurl}}/documentation/api_jszip/generate.html).

__About `dir`__ :

If `dir` is true or if a permission says it's a folder, this entry be flagged
as a folder and the content will be ignored.

__Returns__ : The current JSZip object, for chaining.

__Throws__ : An exception if the data is not in a supported format.

<!--
__Complexity__ : **O(1)** for anything but binary strings.
For binary strings (`data` is a string and `binary` = true), if
`optimizedBinaryString` is not set, the 0xFF mask will be applied giving a
complexity in **O(n)** where n is the size of the added data.
-->

__Example__

```js
zip.file("Hello.txt", "Hello World\n");

// base64
zip.file("smile.gif", "R0lGODdhBQAFAIACAAAAAP/eACwAAAAABQAFAAACCIwPkWerClIBADs=", {base64: true});
// from an ajax call with xhr.responseType = 'arraybuffer'
zip.file("smile.gif", arraybufferFromXhr);
// or on nodejs
zip.file("smile.gif", fs.readFileSync("smile.gif"));

zip.file("Xmas.txt", "Ho ho ho !", {date : new Date("December 25, 2007 00:00:01")});
zip.file("folder/file.txt", "file in folder");

zip.file("animals.txt", "dog,platypus\n").file("people.txt", "james,sebastian\n");

// result : Hello.txt, smile.gif, Xmas.txt, animals.txt, people.txt,
// folder/, folder/file.txt
// In the above case, the "folder" folder will not have a 'D'irectory attribute or Method property. The
// folder only exists as part of the path to "file.txt".

zip.file("folder/file.txt", "file in folder", {createFolders: true});
// In this case, the "folder" folder WILL have a 'D'irectory attribute and a Method property of "store".
// It will exist whether or not "file.txt" is present.

zip.file("script.sh", "echo 'hello world'", {
  unixPermissions : "755"
});
// when generated with platform:UNIX, the script.sh file will be executable
```
